c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.dll.config
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.pdb
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\obj\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.csproj.App.config
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\obj\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\obj\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.dll
c:\users\ricardo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\obj\Debug\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests.pdb
C:\Users\Ricardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\ContactManagerAPI.dll
C:\Users\Ricardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\ContactManagerAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Ricardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\xunit.dll
C:\Users\Ricardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\xunit.xml
C:\Users\Ricardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\xunit.extensions.dll
C:\Users\Ricardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\ContactManager.AcceptanceTests\bin\Debug\xunit.extensions.xml
